1.
A movie streaming system provides personalised recommendations. The system implements a feedback loop that considers the users choices to make it more robust. 
However, the system presents to the user a limited set of movies. More importantly, some movie options are never presented to the user. 
This is a case of a biased system. What kind of bias does this system introduce?

Data Drift

Activity Bias

Societal Bias

Selection Bias  <--



2.
A financial institution uses a loan approval machine learning system that was deployed 5 years ago to grant loans. In these 5 years, the economic conditions 
have changed drastically due to a recession. Interest rates have risen significantly from when the system was originally deployed. 
Which of the following problems that a typical ML system faces best describes what is happening with this loan approval process?

Societal Bias

Activity Bias

None of the given options applies to the loan approval process

Data Drift  <--



3.
Suppose you are building a sentiment classifier to determine whether product reviews have positive, neutral or negative sentiments. 
From the star rating column, you realize that a disproportionate amount of the ratings are five stars (50% of the total ratings). 
What is the most likely metric you can use to measure the statistical bias in this scenario?


Class Imbalance (CI)  <--

Kullback-Leibler Divergence (KL)

Difference in proportions of labels (DPL)

Total Variation Distance (TVD)



4.
As a data scientist who works in a sales company, you are asked to predict the sales for December 2020. Your dataset contains daily sales data from 
January 2020 to September 2020. You successfully train your model on this data, but the actual sales measured in December are completely different from 
what your model predicted. These types of events are called data drift.
After some research, you realize that this change occurred because there is always a sharp increase in sales due to the holiday season. 
What specific kind of data drift best describes this change in sales?

Covariate shift

Prior probability shift  <--

Concept jump

None of the above



5.
Properly measuring statistical data bias is key to build fair and successful ML models. Select the most appropriate metric to detect an imbalance of 
positive outcomes between different facet values.

Difference in proportions of labels (DPL)  <--

Kullback-Leibler Divergence (KL)

Total Variation Distance (TVD)

Class Imbalance(CI)




6.
You are tasked with creating a model that predicts the popularity of a new pair of socks. You suspect the presence of statistical bias in your dataset 
due to the product category.
Which of the following tools from the AWS toolkit best provides the ability to detect statistical bias in the dataset?

AWS Glue

Amazon Athena

Amazon SageMaker Clarify  <--

All of the above



7.
Feature importance refers to a metric that assigns a score to input features based on how useful they are at predicting a target variable. 
True or false: applying feature importance always improves model performance.

True

False  <--
